
# Reflection


I worked on this final assignement with Diana Diaz 

    Personal reflections: When beginning this project me and Diana took at lot of time to plan out our theme including the storyline and the rooms as well as features. We took a long time to get started on the code because we kept brainstorming still. Eventually we started coding and the first thing we did was package guava and create the graph for all the rooms. After that we were unsure about how to go about making what type of classes and how many. I especially was confused with this because there's so many different ways you could creat the game, you could put everything in one file or too many. Diana and I split our worklord in the beginning, I was in charge of the movement and Diana was working on implementing an inventory. However we found this to be quite messy because we had our own separate ways of how we wanted to utilize data structures and code. We eventually decided we needed to get together and sit down and constanly check each others code. It was really important for us to write down the entire game and process before we jumped into the code so we could both look at the same document and not end up writing a confusing game plot. We learned organization and communication was definitely key. I know I was constaly updating Diana when I was working on the code alone. We went with if else for the movement of the game. Orignally we we're going to utilize the adjacentnode method that was part of guava and it was easy to use but somehow we must have been stressing about the userreply and interaction with items we forgot all about using it. That is one of our regrets because we have nearly 1300 lines of code that defenitely could have been shortened. If I had more time I would want the game's storyline to expand along and maybe implement a new game within this game. Some self advice I'd give myself is oraganize your thoughts earlier and understand how classes talk to eachother and utilize the guava methods. Also shorten your code as much as possible, Go for clean code. Besides this I really began to enjoy this project towards then halfway part because we had a really good idea of what we needed to do and we understood every part of our code. Even after demo day I asked my friends to play the game and I would watch and jot things down that we needed to fix or add. I was excited to just watch people play and how they would tackle our game. Diana and I created a shared repl however we would work on our personal repls and when we made a change paste it on our shared. Repl kept on crashing however and I would have to reset my entire laptop for it to run again. It made me wish tempted to create a github repo and compare our code on there. 